eventing/samples/gcp-pubsub: correct installation (#829)
knative/docs: eventing/samples/gcp-pubsub-source/README.md

1. Setup [Knative Serving](https://github.com/knative/docs/blob/master/install)

1. Setup
   [Knative Eventing](https://github.com/knative/docs/tree/master/eventing).

>    In addition, install GCP PubSub eventing components from `release-gcppubsub.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In addition, install the GCP PubSub event source from `release-gcppubsub.yaml`:
```
